Parameterized tests (#947)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/07-testing/02-cheatcodes/given.md

    return ();
}
```

> Note: There is also the [`example`](./example.md) cheatcode that tests certain cases.
> This may come handy if there is a need to test specific edge cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
There is also the [`example`](./example.md) cheatcode that tests explicitly provided cases. It may come handy if you don't want to rely on randomization.
:::
```

Author: [update docs](https://github.com/software-mansion/protostar/pull/947/commits/75b02de8f52d7eced8f64ae8687db4947c59bb45)
